Now let's go ahead and let's finish up our character so we're going to add a new layer above the body
folder.
Next let's select a light yellowish gray color.
So somewhere in here will come down to the yellows.
OK.
And using our brush tool.
We're just going to brush a string across his waist.
Just like that.
Next let's add a new layer above that and we're going to come back down to our body folder and we're
going to turn down the opacity so we can see our sketch come back up to our new layer then we're going
to select a color maybe more towards the orange side.
Something around there should be good.
Then using our Lasso tool we're going to trace out this loincloth.
Now let's go ahead and fill that in with our tan color.
Next we're going to grab a dark brown color.
Some around there should be good.
Then we're going to create a new layer and we're going to turn this layer into a clipping mask.
And now this is a clipping mask for a loincloth.
Now let's use our brush.
Bring on the size then we're just going to paint in the edges of our loincloth like so
awesome.
Now we can unselect out of that.
Now let's turn the opacity back up on our body layer.
Cool.
So you can see it's really coming along.
Now let's go ahead and put all of these layers in a folder.
We'll call that folder loincloth.
Let's create a new layer.
But we want to create this layer underneath the body folder.
Now using our last tool we're going to trace out the shape of the spear handle
like so and then we can probably use the same dark brown that we have here.
So we'll go ahead and fill that in.
And now we still have the shapes selected We're going to select this green color in his eye.
Switching over to the brush tool.
We're going to paint in two stripes on the handle.
I just think that looks cool.
Next let's add a new layer above that we can unselect out of this selection.
Then let's switch over to the Lasso tool and make sure you're on the Lasso tool and not the polygon
or Lasso tool.
Then using this just trace out these feathers as best you can.
You don't have to look perfect
then select the red and his feathers.
And we're going to fill these feathers in with the same color.
Great then we're going to add a new layer and we're going to drag that layer underneath our feathers
layer on our spear.
Now on this new layer we're going to use this circular marquee tool and we're going to create an oval
about the size of our spear head then we're going to select a dark gray color and we're going to drag
it out more towards the blue side.
We'll hit OK.
Now let's fill that shapen.
Now if you switch back over to your marquee tool if you were to click outside of this selection it would
unselective this.
But if you click on the inside what you're able to do is you're able to click and drag your selection
around without moving the actual image itself.
So that's what we want we're going to move it over.
Too about there looks good.
And then we want to invert the selection because what we want to do is we want to delete everything
on this side of the Oval.
So if we were to hit delete now it would delete everything inside the Oval.
So the way we're going to invert our selection is by hitting control shift I if you're working on a
Windows if you're working on a Mac you're going to hit command I and that will invert your selection.
So you can see it's inverted r selection there's a dotted line on the outer edge of our document and
there's also this dotted line here.
So everything within this area is going to be deleted.
So let's hit delete and that deletes it for us.
Now let's grab and move this and we'll bring it down.
So it's fitting into the spearhead now using my arrow keys on my keyboard.
I'm just going to nudge it into place right about there should be good.
Let's add a new layer above this one.
Then let's make that layer a clipping mask.
I'm going to grab a little bit lighter gray color but there should be good.
Then using my brush and bringing the size down I'm just going to add sort of a stem through my spearhead
like so.
All right.
We just finished the character.
That was pretty quick for creating an entire character.
Now we're going to go ahead and move on to actually animating this character.
Can't wait to see you in the next lecture.
See you there.